The MyVA transformational effort also includes
opportunities for high performing supply chain
practitioners to fill leadership roles.
Many staff members come into logistics
at entry level positions.
Over time and with training and experience
they would have the opportunity to advance
in their careers at VA.
For example, a supply technician GS5 could become
an inventory manager GS9 over a few years.
Over time this supply technician could even become
the chief logistics officer GS14
and run the entire service.
Certification of VHASC performance
through a robust assessment and accreditation program,
external certifications and awards such as Baldrige.